I think the cult is much more sinister than most reviewers seem to have thought it is? A lot of people interpreted the ending as Dani freeing herself from her past (her dead family, her broken relationship) and "blooming" in the supportive hagar (even despite the whole, yknow, murder and human sacrifice). 
But I think it's much darker than that, and I don't think this is a happy ending for dani.

For one, the foreshadowing with the pied piper (Pelle) leading the group to the hagar implies that where they are led is a bad place to be. She is constantly being surrounded by members of the cult and if you pay attention you can see that they actively work to isolate her from her friends. They lead her away for dances and ceremonies, and they make a point of making her feel warm and welcome, whereas the others are treated allright but not as doted on as Dani. This is known as "love bombing" in real life cult research and an almost universal tactic by cults to lure new members in. They bind them to the group, while simultaneously cutting off the target's contact to their family and friends.
She is also repeatedly drugged in the film, a tactic similarly used in cults to make the person more vulnerable and susceptible to their indoctrination. Flowers (which are tied to the cult) grow from her body, which to me is a sign of the cult getting "under her skin" and slowly taking her over.

They play up the "happy family" around her, hiding the more sinister stuff that goes on behind closed doors. For example, the women cry with her when she witnesses christian with maya, but they were also the ones who encouraged the act to happen in the first place. They may even  have wanted her to witness it to further drive her and christian apart. They don't go into detail about the inbred "oracles" (another hint that the cult practices are not as wholesome as they want her to believe), and leave her in the dark about the more gruesome aspects. When something does go wrong (the elder surviving his jump) they are quick to reassure her that this is "what he wanted" although we can clearly see him in agony, and his expression is terrified.

They likely know how volatile she is from Pele, who witnessed her family tragedy and knows of the relationship troubles with her and christian, making her a great target.
By the time the may queen dance happens, she has almost no one of her home life left with her. Most of them are disappeared (dead), and the only one still left is christian who cheated on her.

My theory is they *let her* win the dance. She would feel special and powerful after being alone and vulnurable for so long, but more importantly her choosing Christian as the final sacrifice smacks of a test to me, as if they wanted to see if they had succeeded in driving her away from her old life.
The face of her sister in the trees when shes carried by the hagar also makes me think this is her trying to run from her past, rather than process it properly, and it still haunts her. Instead of freeing herself from her demons she has gone from one way to repress it (medication, clinging to a failing relationship) to another (letting the hagar take hold of her and aid her in repressing the past).

In the end she is covered in a mound of flowers, with only the head sticking out, which someone mentioned mirror's christian in his bear suit. I also don't think she looks free and powerful; she looks like she can barely move, like she's buried in flowers.
I think this is a sign that the cult has succeeded in taking hold of her and succeeded in their indoctrination.
It's an unusual movie in that we witness cult indoctrination from the perspective of the victim, whereas usually we have a more outside view that makes he sinister parts of the cult more obvious. 
Unsettling to think how many people seem to have come out of this movie viewing the hagar as the "better option" despite all theyve done. Like the cult tactics worked on the audience too.