i’m not saying that one is better than the other out of sun-oh and hye-yeong because they’re both great and they’re both flawed and extremely complex characters. they both have their own traumas, and in order to understand what happened we need to understand jojo first. <br><br>when she met sun-oh, jojo didn’t love herself. and how could she? for her entire life she had blamed herself for her parents’ death. when she moved to seoul, gul-mi and her aunt abused and manipulated her and she was burdened with the obligation of her grandmother’s care. keep in mind that she was literally a child through all of this. when you don’t love yourself, you can’t understand why anyone else would want to love you either. and when you don’t love yourself, you place the person you love on a higher pedestal than yourself. <br><br>jojo really loved sun-oh. the way she smiled and her happiness around him is unmatched to the way she is with hye-yeong. now, i’ve seen people saying that sun-oh was a fiery, passionate love and hye-yeong is the mature guy who’s best to settle down with. but i kind of disagree with what that statement holds. it is true that jojo and sun-oh’s dynamic was passionate, but he wasn’t inconsiderate or entirely selfish. everyone is selfish, even hye-yeong. sun-oh always stood up for jojo, he cared about her so much and always showed it. he wasn’t just flirty, he was serious. sure, at first his interest was fuelled by ego, but eventually he did fall for her. the happiness on his face with jojo is unmatched. have you seen sun-oh with yuk-jo? it’s heartbreaking how lifeless he is. when he was with jojo, he was sincere with everything he did. he liked her so much that doing things for her was an instinct. whereas with yuk-jo he has to stand back and ask himself how he can be a better boyfriend. hell, his smiles don’t even shine radiantly. everything looks forced. <br><br>another thing is that at first jojo and sun-oh fell in love with each other, which is different from loving each other. falling in love is uncontrollable (kind of what you could call a crush), but loving someone is a choice (it’s long term and takes a long time to happen). if jojo wanted to, she could’ve loved sun-oh. she could’ve opened up to him about her fears and insecurities, because sun-oh clearly wanted to love her. he wanted to know more about her. in the first half of season 1 you can see that sun-oh interest isn’t selfish. sun-oh was not immature. i can see how some people might think that but he always did his best to understand what jojo told him about her trauma and tried to help her heal (as much as he could). <br><br>to some extent, it is jojo’s fault for the way she and sun-oh ended. after all, sun-oh can’t just read her mind and know instantly that she feels small around him because she doesn’t know how to love herself. no matter how charming sun-oh was, no matter how much he cared for her, it wouldn’t matter if she couldn’t care about herself. yes, dealing with trauma is extremely difficult, it takes years, but she and sun-oh could’ve navigated all of that together. it’s not like he wouldn’t understand; she just never gave him a chance. <br><br>even if jojo really wanted to end it, not only because of insecurities and trauma, she should’ve communicated it to him. yes, she isn’t obliged to, but if she truly cared about his well-being, she would! you can’t just leave someone in the dark after changing your mind overnight. you don’t do that to people. sun-oh deserves an explanation.<br><br>now for hye-yeong. he is a very kind person. and yeah, at first he was a bit creepy, but he’s always been good to jojo as well. when i saw hye-yeong and jojo’s relationship building, it felt one-sided. their dynamic feels forced because jojo doesn’t seem like she ‘loves’ him, it’s more like she feels thankful to him. when someone clearly cares for you and is so kind to you (because the world lacks quite a bit of that), you’re obviously bound to feel thankful. i think jojo’s feelings for hye-yeong, at first at least, were “maybe i should give him a try because he’s a really good person”. jojo probably wouldn’t be able to handle the guilt of breaking another good person’s heart, so she gave him a try. <br><br>hye-yeong kind of entered in a more mature stage of jojo’s life. she wasn’t quite over her traumas, but she was learning to better handle them. he was sacrificing himself just to have her around them. he was kind of a doormat, which can easily shift into a toxic dynamic. that’s not healthy either. jojo’s smiles around hye-yeong felt forced. she did ring his love alarm using the spear, which symbolized her own volition, but it still felt like she was running away from her feelings for sun-oh. she probably felt that it wasn’t fair to hye-yeong if he was giving her his all and receiving nothing. in a way, jojo was sacrificing herself. <br><br>also, hye-yeong got with jojo despite sun-oh warning him, which was clearly his way of telling hye-yeong that he’s still in love with jojo. perhaps that was hye-yeong’s way of getting back at sun-oh for what e did in high-school (?). but it doesn’t sit right with me that a friend as loyal as hye-yeong would do that to his childhood best friend. it feels wrong. and he justified it with “i told you, i’m still in love with jojo”. like, okay? that’s not a good enough excuse. after all, hye-yeong did continuously deny his crush on her back in school. it was almost as if he was saying that he’s okay with sun-oh getting together with her, whereas sun-oh is clearly saying that he’s not okay with it. <br><br>oof that was long, feel free to debate! thanks for reading :))