this is an original analysis i made in another comment section. feel free to read and give your own thoughts! <br><br>i mean, if we go more into depth here, i’d say sun oh was a first love fueled with passion and interest. while hye yeong built a foundation on trust, patience, and maturity. i don’t think either one was forced- but i do believe one was better for jojo. <br><br>sun oh pursued her because he wasn’t getting the attention he usually got with hye yeong. he wanted to see what was so great about her that his friend had such an infatuation/crush with jojo. <br><br>and sun oh, knowing jojo didn’t ping his alarm, onto fueled his desire to get to know her because of the fact she wasn’t like every other girl showing interest. he usually got the attention; but with her, he didn’t. he pushed boundaries that someone shouldn’t have to cross. i.e- kissed her knowing she was in a relationship; trying to justify pursuing jojo by asking hye yeong countless times if he was interested, purposefully knowing the answer would be ‘no’. i think he knew what hye yeong would say because it would then mean he could still go after her. though, being a best friend, it wouldn’t take a second to realize that hye yeong was just saying such because jojo had a boyfriend. it was also alluded the probability (or at least hypothesized) that hye yeong knew his best friend usually got what he wanted otherwise, and in denying this, he wouldn’t pursue sun oh. albeit, he was wrong. <br><br>it pegs the question if sun oh genuinely loved jojo in the depth the show tries to portray. there may be a mentality underlying his character that, if in a relationship with jojo, hye yeong wouldn’t leave him. that he’d be the center of both their worlds. he may even have planned that, being with jojo, hye yeong would stop pursuing her. which, he did (to an extent). through this, he may have confused being possessive of her with being in love with her and that she was protecting him. <br><br>i think he loved her. but wasn’t in love with her. he wasn’t afraid to be selfish, and the dynamic with jojo and sun oh were complex in a beautiful way— but also in an ugly way as well. their influence with each other, i’d say, wouldn’t be the greatest. jojo continuously ran from problems instead of facing them, while sun oh continuously failed to realize the fault in their love and the wrong behind his first intentions. <br><br>hye yeong wanted jojo to be happy. he left her with her boyfriend. it wouldn’t be a lie to say he hoped for a break off because he most probably did. he wanted to wait until it was the right time to pursue her instead of rushing. this may also peg the question if he was cowardly; yes, he was cowardly compared to sun oh’s actions. but i also think it’s because of his virtuous thoughts and reasoning. he wanted to cause less of a risk with jojo feelings. he didn’t want to hinder her or pressure her; hence, he’d rather collectively confront her in small instances or patiently wait for her to approach him instead. he, instead of fighting, let jojo and sun oh be together without much interference or objection. because she was happy. <br><br>then, when he does begin to pursue her, sun oh does in fact begin to get hypocritical. he shuns his best friend to going after someone he grew affection of— but, at the same time, he did so too. sun oh is just more vocal than hye yeong. <br><br>even still, season two covered the difficult in getting over one’s first love. even love in general is hard to overcome when strong feelings are still there. yet, hye yeong still waited. this time, we see him grow a little more confident and sure of himself while sun oh is isolated and left in self reflection- and so is jojo. both are shown to be moving on while also reevaluating one’s self and each other. i think this caused a beautiful, bittersweet ending. because jojo found a relationship that let her be calm, not pressured, and with someone who takes into consideration her feelings over his own. hye yeong was able to grow stronger and courageous enough to take more risk than he did in season one. <br><br>and sun oh was my favorite. he said he’d be okay. he’ll figure it out. because he will. he’ll learn that he won’t be the center of their world as they can’t be his. they’re just people living in a universe full of other people. his character development was my favorite. i don’t think the directors made him pitiful. instead i think they made him more self aware and conscious. not fully, but a bit. <br><br>(i didn’t mention the stalking because both of them, in fact, stalked jojo) <br><br>note: apologies if anyone hates reading this form of analysis. i just love digging into shows.