Here are the reasons why I would prefer Hye Young to be the main lead for this drama.<br><br>1. If he and Jojo become a couple at the end, this would break the usual story line we get from dramas before. I’m not saying that those drama were not good but let’s admit that sometimes it can be a bit predictable. If he ends up with Jojo, the cycle of the rich male protagonist ending up with the female lead would end. <br><br>2. The plot would show that even if you are not the first love of the person you cherish the most, you could still have the chance to reach their hearts with effort and love in your actions. It would also highlight that even if at first you could not ring the alarm of others, its just an app. What matters the most is your actions and feelings in the end.<br><br>3. Jojo needs someone who will support her and be there for her. She does not need someone who will fix her problems because it will always make her feel small in this world. She needs someone who can understand her pain and do their best to make her happy. Should trouble come in her path, she needs someone to hold her hand rather than fix the problem she needs to face. It was Sun Oh who paid her school lunch which made her feel small. Meanwhile, Hyeyoung stood with her in the bridge to help her release all her built up pain and loneliness.<br><br>4. Hyeyoung respected the relationship between Jojo and Sun Oh when they were dating. He never said a word to discourage this. He even acted alright and smiled through the pain. When Hyeyoung was pursuing Jojo after the time skip, Sun Oh clashed with Hyeyoung and mentioned that he was just using him to make him feel good. He said hurtful things to his bestfriend just because of a girl. This was unacceptable for him to do that. He should accept it or at least do not say hurtful things when the person on the other side did his best not to do it to you. This was more annoying more than kissing the girl in a relationship and knowing that your bestfriend likes that girl.<br><br>5. Jojo would enter a mature and healthy relationship with Hyeyoung. I understand the appeal of being with your first love given that it was all sweet and beautiful but let’s face it. It was sweet and beautiful but there were times that it was immature. Based on Hyeyoung’s perspectice in love and how he acts around Jojo, he respects her, patiently waits for her, and it did not matter for him if Jojo could not ring his alarm. What matters for him is his ability to ring her alarm and making her feel loved. Sun Oh and Jojo’s relationship started and ended with the alarm. It mattered to Sun Oh that Jojo could ring his alarm as it would mean that she loves him. This should not be the case when you get older. Love is something that you do not expect anything to receive in the end. You just love someone and you make them feel you love them. When it comes to a mature relationship, Hyeyoung has this than the other guy.<br><br>These are all just my thoughts regarding this character and why he deserves to be with Jojo. Regardless of this, the only person who can decide is Jojo/director. Let’s all watch the series and pray that they would make a good story of these three people. I just pray that all three of them be happy in the end.