PROBABLY SPOILER ALERT!<br><br><br>I dont even know where to start. At first I felt sad we were getting only 6 ep, but I couldnt wait for it to end.<br>It was the most tiring, slow-paced, boring season ever. I have watched season 1 probably over 5 times. It was my first kdrama and that’s why I was so invested. For someone to wait for almost two years and checking every month to see if there was an update, this was a let down. The bad rating is not because of the endgame, trust me. <br><br>Let me just start by saying that the characters were all completely different (in a negative way). We knew none of them really. There was no character development. Sunoh was pretty much non-existent (like how can you give the most important character so little screentime while he was the one that made almost everyone watch and like this show). Jojo was the most toxic, indecisive FL I have ever seen. How can you still be like that at that age? She was only hurting everyone around her for no apparent reason. She had no characteristics and no evolvement. No goals, no dreams- nothing. She was never studying, never caring for her friend (seriously what was the purpose of putting her in the show?) or anyone around her. Yet she always felt like everyone around her was hurting her. Instead of wanting a boyfriend (I think her having 3 bfs in a kdrama is a record), she should’ve just let the brothers alone to avoid their friendship to break. She just toyed with them. They did Sunoh so dirty, both Jojo and Heyyoung. <br><br>Heyyoung grew up with him and let a girl come inbetween them. Yes, maybe he liked her first but that never means he should’ve had her from the beginning. He worked with her for years and she never, ever knew him, never cared for him. That says enough about him. He was a very passive person. When Sunoh wanted to communicate about where they went wrong as friends (because Sunoh really did care), he just had the audacity to completely disregard him and just walk away without saying anything. That was wayy worse than what Sunoh did to him (even though in s1 Sunoh was like “Jojo is not an object, let her choose”). They both broke the bro-code. Heyyoung was the most boring character ever. When characters are silent and shy, they usually have an inner quirky-ness. Heyyoung had nothing. I still dont know what Heyyoung was doing at his internship or what he wanted to become in life. Just like Jojo; no dreams, no goals- nothing. His only obsession in life was someone he loved for over four years without knowing a single thing about that person and having never really talked with her (seriously, what did he like about her again?!). <br><br>Sunoh on the other hand was the only normal character (plus Gul-mi, never thought I would say this). He was trying to communicate to understand what was going on and what happened. He wanted to give Jojo all his love when he never even had love from his closed ones. He was never a rich brat. I never understood why people thought he was a bad person. There was not one bad thing about him. He was always there for others without judging them. He never cared about his money or fame and even did good causes. He was not a toxic character nor was he the unhealthy factor in his relationship with Jojo. Even with Yukju he was straighforward and she knew everything about what he did and didn’t feel. Throughout the series I kept thinking of how Jojo did not deserve him and how Yukju was a sweet girl. I wish instead of making him go through so much pain, they should’ve just focused on his relationship with Yukju. I am sure more people would’ve liked the show then. The scenes with his parents were really confusing and the whole production felt rushed. In s1 everything looked more real and thought-out, now we didn’t even see one single worker of his mother next to her.<br><br> There was literally no plot, no plot development. Romance consisted of them just walking each other home and texting if they have eaten. They were so boring. Jojo was just a pathetic character and I don’t get how no one left her in her life without dying. Jojo and Heyyoung both lacked the skill of communication and communication is key. That was a major red flag. Also how she did the same FAULT again when using the spear for Heyyoung. Like you used the shield and regretted it and now you use the spear? No wonder he had left. I was glad he did to prove a point. <br><br>I never thought I would’ve said this but the only one I really liked in this show was Gul-Mi. Such a funny, insane but still sane girl she was. I was glad that Duk Gu hadn’t died and she got her karma. <br><br>Duk Gu was annoying to me about how Jojo would’ve rang Heyyoungs love alarm regardless. Because there was no reason for her to like Heyyoung. There was nothing that he had that Sunoh didn’t have. It was all about timing. She breaks up with Sunoh because of her past issues but four years later she still has those issues and no character development, yet suddenly gives Heyyoung a chance. Why? Why not Sunoh? Because suddenly Heyyoung came to the damsel in distress. She would’ve liked anyone at that point. <br><br>ALSO, where was the whole Anti-Love alarm group? Why put that in the drama in s1 only to never go back to it in s2? That would’ve made it more realistic and interesting. We all were waiting for that. <br><br>The saddest scene were I broke down was when Sunoh and Jojo met up for closure. It felt so forced and if it was just for SK and KSY they probably would’ve chosen JojoxSunoh. I felt like it was all about timing. It looked like a missed chance. Her saying that she would install the shield again if she went back was disrespecting Sunoh. She should’ve felt ashamed for causing him so much pain. I felt like Jojo would’ve liked anyone who came in front of her. If Sunoh would’ve stayed by her side regardless, I wonder what would’ve happened. <br><br>But to be honest, I am glad she ended up with Heyyoung. Both passive and no chemistry but Sunoh deserved better so I am glad. He is way too precious to end up with a toxic person like Jojo. There was also zero reason for him to like Jojo. She was not worth it. I am sure the actors all think the same way and I am happy Jung Ga Ram is serving in the military cause he won’t get all the backlash now.<br><br> Nobody should feel sorry. Netflix knew what they were doing. We all warned them for not putting out a half-assed season. The fact that they also took away our Sunoh moments and made them Heyyoungs (liking list etc) was so painful. The scenes were lacking and a lot of things were left out or rushed (where the hell is the love alarm 2.0 event scene?!). I won’t watch anything of this director and screenwriter again. I cannot believe how they passed this. Even my cat could write it better. There was not even one “wow” moment. I just feel pain for my wasted two years.