The reason of why I despised this kdrama was because many of the ending plotlines, mostly the &quot;redemption-ish&quot; ones felt incredibly underwhelming. <br><br>Duk-gu could have told Gul-mi she WAS the reason he almost committed suicide. The fact that it took him to offer her part of his profit out of the Love Alarm app for her to finally see him as a human being was so incredibly infuriating. Gul-mi was by far the worst character and even her redemption arc was incredibly badly made. She and her mother are the two worst characters. Best thing Gul-mi did was to offer herself to take care of the store to let her mom enjoy things she liked, but all that good momentum she had was ruined when she bashed Duk-gu AS AN ADULT. <br><br>Hye-young deserved better. He should have been the main male character instead of Sun-ho. His character felt incredibly done dirty, because he is a character written one is supposed to love throughout the series. I wished Jojo had communicated about her own issues and problems instead of running away everytime. Like, sure, she has childhood trauma and probably has felt incredibly sheltered and shove away enough to shut herself up to many people she considered close to her, but good GOD it felt incredibly frustrating seeing her not opening up to Hye-young in S2. <br><br>Sun-ho I had mixed feelings for. In S1 his approach to Jojo felt incredibly forced like she HAD to date him merely because he liked her. I was 100% against the idea of Sun-ho and Jojo dating but then that one moment where they are having dinner and opening up to each other made me hopeful that he was going to change. Then we&#39;re introduced to his mother (horrible human being, possibly the absolute worst of the whole series, with Gul-mi taking the sliver) and see the whole messed up backstory of her wanting to kill him when he was little. Ok understandable that he didn&#39;t have the best childhood either. But I think I disliked him the most in S2 when he was already dating someone else but STILL had hopes of JoJo finally accepting him? Huh? He only dated his S2 girlfriend because she liked him and hoped him to reciprocate her feelings, but he only decides to stay at the very end because it was the right thing to do and not because he loved her. I found his actions lead by emotions so wrongly done I couldn&#39;t help but cringe at his every sight.