Ight since i see ya have some screws loose. The truth is, when it comes down to it, everyone is the same. It is all a matter of perspective. If a black person is raised by good parents in a good environment, they most likely will turn out to be a good person with moral values and discipline. If an asian person is raised by good parents in a good environment, the same happens. This applies for all races. If someone is raised with bad influences that twist their moral compass, they will have characteristics showing that. Everybody starts the same, it is our experiences that shape us and nobody can say otherwise. South Korean people tend to be raised with values more refined than those of the low class american populus because of their clear difference in culture and primarily, education (not black or white just American because skin colour or heritage does not matter as I argumented previously, the thing that matters is the environment). @Tom Beacher has serious racial predjudice since he clearly believes that because you are black, that means you have a higher chance of becoming a criminal. This is a logical fallacy. The statistics that you use to support your claim are no more than evidence to support that since the lower class of the United States is mostly of african descent because of our nation's history with slavery and injustice towards black people, these people are born in more negative environments and thus are raised with less moral values than those born with the priviledge of an education. That concludes my argument. 

To clear some things up, i'm not trying to say ALL people from the lower class are scum or criminals. I'm merely looking at things from a logical standpoint that shows that a lack of education that comes from bad influences that may come with living in a lower class, causes people to have a faulty moral compass and make bad decisions that are harmful to society as a whole. I am aware that people of the higher class can also be quite fucked up (often more so than the ones of the lower class) but since @Tom Beacher was talking about black people being criminals, I needed to explain why that could be so, so I used the lack of education in the lower class as reasoning. THE MAIN GIST IS THAT IT DOESNT MATTER IF YOUR ARE WHITE, BLACK, YELLOW, RED, GREEN, ORANGE, BLUE, OR PURPLE. IF YOU ARE A BAD PERSON, YOU ARE A BAD PERSON. IF YOU ARE A GOOD PERSON, YOU ARE A GOOD PERSON. THATS ALL THERE IS TO IT.